It's getting increasingly hard to fix problems with the old system.
Much code is dedicated to pulling options out of request objects,
doing different things based on whether the options are set or not,
throwing exceptions or returning, caching or not based on options,
yaddah yaddah.

Hence, 2012 refactor!

New package to keep things separated from le olde, le crufte: togos.ccouch

Features:

  Single, simple Directory object.
  
  Various directory encoders (should all have unit tests!):
  - 'old' style, rewriting bitprint: to sha1: and x-rdf-subject: to x-parse-rdf:
  - 'old' style
  - 'new' style
  - 2012 style (newline at end, maybe changes to entry format)
  - Encoder that attempts each of the above, in order, picking the
    first (or maybe last?) one for which a blob is already stored, and
    if none is for any, using the final style.
  
  New Commit encoder (same as old style but with newline at the end).
  
  Directory decoder should be able to handle all of the above.
  
  New XML/RDF decoding architecture like that used for rules engine.
  
  Use SLF2 (get from PicGrid project) for index files.
  
  Download system:
    downloads should be parallelizable
    should be able to download from 'dumb' repos (http://<repo>/data/<sector>/AA/AABBCCDD)
    and from smart ones (http://<repo>/N2R?<urn>)
  
  Repositories supporting N2R should have some file (ccouch-version?) that can be queried
  to determine what kinds of operations the repository supports.
  
  Each command should be defined in its own class/source file.

Programs:

  purge - remove all copies of a blob from a repository
    - should have option to overwrite files before deleting
  cache - 
    should be able to download blobs and trees, skipping
    trees that are already entirely cached (1) in a certain
    sector, or (2) anywhere in the entire repository.
    Should be able to take a lit of URIs from a file.
  store -
    should be able to output a list of stored blobs
    
  id, store should respect .ccouch-uri files

All commands should be quiet by default.
